
# Demonstration of the optically-driven plasmonic nanomotor designed by deep learning networks

This repository provides code and dataset to supplement the manuscript: Demonstration of the optically-driven plasmonic nanomotor designed by deep learning networks.

The initial random dataset is generated by random functions using Matlab as described in the manuscript, and their optical torques under illumination are calculated by surface integral equation (SIE) method (https://doi.org/10.1364/OL.39.004699).

## Code
The folder, Code/ResCNN, contains a torque predictor consisting of a residual convolutional neural network (ResCNN) neural network. The predictor receives a binary image (128x128) as an input and provides a torque value (1x1). 

The folder, Code/DCGAN, contains nanorotor generators consisting of a deep convolutional generative adversarial network (DCGAN). The file, 'No_Forw_DCGAN_Rotor_Generator,' has conventional DCGAN architecture and produces rotor-like images according to the input image dataset. On the other hand, the file, 'Forw_DCGAN_Rotor_Generator', includes a DCGAN to which the trained torque predictor is coupled. The nanorotor generator with the torque predictor is designed to generate images with improved torques.

These codes are written in Python with Tensorflow library and Keras API in Google Colab.

## Data
The folder, Data\Initial_Randomset, contains the random dataset produced by Matlab and their torques.

The folder, Data\Accumulated_image_torque_for_CNN, contains the combined dataset to provide a diversity of torques for the torque predictor.

The folder, Data\Output_images, contains output image-torque pairs after the 3rd iteration. Repeating the feedback loop provides enhanced torques, as described in the manuscript.

## How to use the code
A torque predictor (ResCNN) is trained with the initial randomset, and is coupled to a nanorotor generator (DCGAN). Once the nanorotor generator is trained, it provides output images. Then, SIE computes torques from the output images. These output images and their torques can be used for the next iteration to enhance generated torques further. 

## System requirements
Google Colab services

Tensorflow 2.x

Python 3.6

## DOI & Zenodo
The link below leads to a repository for related data for the manuscript.

## Contact
Please contact Mintae Chung (mtjung71@gmail.com) for questions.

## License
(I need to check)This project is covered under the Creative Common (CC BY NC) License. The data and code are available for non-commercial research purposes only with proper citation to the aforementioned manuscript.
